feat(metro-config): add debug id support (#25935)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/config/metro.mdx

When you run `npx expo export -p web`, the bundles are split into multiple files, and the entry bundle is added to the main HTML file.

## Source map debug ID

> > First available in SDK 50, on all platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Available from SDK 50 on all platforms.
```

If a bundle is exported with an external source map, a [**Debug ID**](https://sentry.engineering/blog/the-case-for-debug-ids) annotation will be added to the end of the file, along with a matching `debugId` in the source map for corresponding the files together. If no source maps are exported, or inline source maps are used then this annotation will not be added.

```js
// <all source code>

//# debugId=<deterministic chunk hash>
```

The associated `*.js.map` or `*.hbc.map` source map will be a JSON file containing an equivalent `debugId` property. The `debugId` will be injected before hermes bytecode generation to ensure matching in all cases.

> The `debugId` is a deterministic hash of the bundle's contents without the external bundle splitting references. This is effectively the same value used to create a chunks filename, but formatted as a UUID, e.g. `431b98e2-c997-4975-a3d9-2987710abd44`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `debugId` is a deterministic hash of the bundle's contents without the external bundle splitting references. This is the same value used to create a chunks filename but formatted as a UUID. For example, `431b98e2-c997-4975-a3d9-2987710abd44`.
```

- We can a bit concise here and also remove the unnecessary comma (doesn't serve the purpose here).

> `@expo/metro-config` injects `debugId` during `npx expo export` and `npx expo export:embed`. Any additional optimization steps in `npx expo export:embed` like Hermes bytecode generation will need to have the `debugId` injected manually.

Reviewer 2: The description reads well and matches the expected behavior/the current Debug IDs behavior with Sentry Serializer in bare RN apps.

Sentry currently has these guidelines https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/sourcemaps/#manual-upload-with-hermes for bare RN. We will add a similar for `npx expo export:embed`.
